feat(layout): create a layout for conferences (#344)
BedrockStreaming/tech.bedrockstreaming.com: CONTRIBUTING.md

3. Add content to the markdown file in order to add context to the video you are sharing.

## Add a conference

> There is 2 ways to publish a conference you where speaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to publish a conference where you were a speaker.
```
